A Superior Being is
meant to be invincible!
Maam, hit his stomach!
That should knock Dai loose!
No, you don't!
That was a feint!
Warrior-Master Style....
Refractor Fist!
She did it! Now
we've got him back!
Popp: Good...
He's still in one piece.
It probably has something
to do with his new outfit.
Hey, Maam! It looks
like Dai's gonna be okay!
Chiu, use one of your
items to heal him.
You've got this, right?
Sure! Leave it to me!
[pained groan]
[furious snarl]
No... Th-This is my...
My immortal body... How?
How did you...
Maam: [battle cry]
She's incredible.
A real force.
Maam is so much
stronger now - for real.
And that special attack
is beyond belief!
[proud chuckle]
You impressed?
That strength comes from our
training with Master Brokeena,
if you care to know - it's also
where she learned that attack.
It's known as
the Refractor Fist!
Brokeena: That's right,
The Refractor Fist.
[mischievous chuckle]
Maam - I can't
deny it. I'm impressed.
Your progress...
is unmatched.
It would take years
for a typical student
of the Martial Arts
to learn what you have-
and you've done it all
in just a matter of days.
All that remains is
to teach you
my Warrior-Master
Style's greatest skill.
But I am feeble and ill...
It pains me that I can't
show it to you myself.
[coughing]
I am a disappointment.
Uh... N-No, of course not.
Grand Master? What is
it that's making you sick?
[coughing]
Tinglebuttitis.
Huh?
Chiu [thought]:
Why would something called
Tingle-butt-itis
make you cough?
But... do not worry.
I'm very confident in
your abilities, Maam.
I know you're capable.
Then - what sort of
skill is it, Master?
Brokeena: You must combine
your new Warrior-Master Style
with a certain spell.
But Grand Master...
Before our training
I was a Warrior Priest.
It's impossible... for me,
to use attack spells.
You should know by now-
attack spells aren't the
only way to defeat an enemy.
Brokeena: The spell
in question is...
a Heal spell.
Both: A Heal spell?!
Brokeena: A Healing-type
spell will magically boost
a body's biological functions.
But, just as plants
wither and die
when they are
watered too often,
excessive healing magic can,
ironically, destroy
a body's tissue.
Long ago, such excessive
healing magic was feared
and known as something
called "Overheal."
Overheal...
Brokeena: It was only the most
powerful Priests and Sages
that could wield
the Overheal spell
effectively on
the battlefield.
But, over time, users of
the spell started to disappear.
It requires a
magical power beyond
the healing-type
spells we know today.
Now, Overheal, when
effectively combined
with the Warrior Master Style,
is the basis of a technique
I developed that yields
devastating force on
the moment of impact.
When used, it creates
an overwhelming
life-draining effect,
sending a fatal shock
through the enemy's body.
This attack... is fatal?!
It sounds... Terrifying.
Brokeena: Yes.
It is a terrifying skill.
And I believe that only
those who understand
just how terrifying it
is should be taught.
I've been called a
Grand Master for decades now.
But you are the first
student I've ever thought
worthy enough
to share it with.
Master...
Brokeena: Just as
your first Master, Avan,
trusted you and gave
you the Magic Bullet Gun,
I also trust that
you will always have
a kind and just heart.
And that is why I will teach
it to you, my dear Maam.
Then I thank you,
Grand Master.
Wow!
Pretty cool, huh?
Chiu: [embarrassed groan]
[roaring kick]
[snarling]
How did she...
That was awesome.
Chiu: That's
Miss Maam for you!
Hey, Dai...
Popp: You're awake!
I guess I am. What happened?
Maam's the one
that got you out.
Chiu: Of course she did.
She's amazing. I didn't know
she could fight like that-
[pained groan]
Dai!
Hey, Chiu - a little help?
Didn't Maam say you
had some healing items?
If you do now's the time
to use 'em, don't you think?
Oh yeah, that's right!
I'll give you some
medicinal herb.
Here!
That's an antidotal herb.
Chiu: Here!
That's a poison herb.
What's going on?
They're gone!
I always carry at least
five medicinal herbs...
That's right...
I used them all
when I was attacked by
a pack of Teeny Sanguini
in the mountains!
Who could possibly need
five medicinal herbs
against those things?!
[pained groan]
It's over!
Maam [thought]: Oh, no...
[chuckling]
Ah, good.
My theory is proved correct.
I've found your weakness, girl.
You have two types
of powerful attacks:
Attacks where your hands glow,
and ones where they don't!
Zamza: But whatever
those attacks are,
they need to be channeled
through your fist.
And that without them,
you'd have no method of
delivering that
moment of impact.
That's a special
coating mucus.
And it won't come off easily!
Zamza: It's time to give up!
Oh, no!
If Maam can't use
her fists anymore...
That's not good.
W-What can we do?!
Don't you have
anything?! Come on!
Our stamina is still too low.
You must have some
kind of item in there?!
Oh! This is...
a Teardrop Acorn.
Finally! What will it do?
What it sounds like.
It'll cure a teardrop's worth
of stamina to whoever uses it!
Great. So... It's useless.
No. It's enough.
That's all I need!
It's over!
Zamza: Without that attack,
you have nothing-
to hurt my immortal form!
Zamza: This ends now!
No, Maam!
Chiu, please... We're
useless without a weapon.
You'll have to carry me.
We need to hurry!
Zamza: This ends now!
Zamza: [roaring]
Maam!
Run! Get out of
there while you can!
Popp [thought]: Dai - if you're
planning something, hurry.
You know, you're a lot
heavier than you look.
I'm sorry, really...
but I can't spare the stamina
to climb all the way up there.
I need to use everything I
have... for one final attack.
I realized it while I
was watching Maam fight.
Even though I have
this powerful crest,
it's mostly going to waste.
All this time,
I've been fighting while
using it at full throttle.
That's why my energy
always burns up so fast.
I can see now that
timing is everything.
It's about finding
the exact moment
that the attack should hit.
Even if it's just
a little bit of power,
if I use it as
precisely as Maam does...
It's over. We win.
[roaring]
I think you've caused
me quite enough trouble.
[pained yell]
While I am still curious about
that strange attack of yours...
you are enough of a threat
that I should forget it
and simply eliminate you.
Maam: [struggling grunts]
Maam [thought]: Dai?! He's going
for the Sword of Champions.
Alright - he must have
some kind of plan.
Maam [thought]: I have
to do whatever I can
to distract this thing.
[laughing]
Such pitiful human behavior.
You resist so desperately,
even in the face of defeat.
To me, you're
nothing but mere trash.
You're wrong. That's no way
to talk about a living being.
No matter what kind
of creature it is...
And if you still
don't understand that,
then you are the one
that's actually trash!
Zaboera: Listen to me,
Zamza, you are a tool.
Every creature that exists in
this world is a tool in my eyes.
Understand?
Now, go out into the world.
Collect what knowledge
and power that you can.
Father...
Zaboera: Otherwise, you are
nothing to me... but trash.
Zaboera: Don't you agree?
How else would you
describe a useless tool
without a single
redeeming quality?
[evil cackling]
I am... I am not trash!
My power and mind
are unmatched!
If I wished,
I could be commander of
the Mystic or Furfang Legion.
How dare you mock me?!
[pained cry]
Stop it!
Miss Maam!
Chiu...
Quick - give me the acorn.
Chiu: Right!
It work?
Yeah. I'm getting
my strength back.
Even if it is
just a little bit.
Sword of Champions, lend me
all of your mighty power!
What?
That brat! When did
he reach the sword?!
Brokeena: A Frizz spell!
Popp: Where did
you come from?!
Brokeena: Just cast the spell!
You think?
I have enough magic
power to pull it off,
but I doubt it'll help!
Brokeena: Fire it at Maam.
Brokeena: Do it, Popp!
Right!
Maam!
Frizz!
Popp: This should
take the slime off!
No, no...
Refractor Fist!
Here goes...
All of the strength I have-
is going into this attack!
Avan...
Strash!
[howling]
How's that?
Did it work?!
[shocked gasp]
It worked.
What?!
Zamza [thought]: Impossible.
I'm the Superior Being!
How could these rotten humans-
All: [cheering]
Zamza: How? How can this be?
Where did I... go so wrong?
There was no way I could lose.
How?!
Popp: I don't know.
Why don't you ask this guy?
You underestimated him,
"Mystic Scholar".
The rat?
I see.
All this time... thinking I
was greater and more valuable.
But the error was in
my heart, wasn't it?
Popp: Well done, Dai.
That was an
amazing Avan Strash!
Yeah. Thanks to the
Sword of Champions...
Wait...
Oh, no! Not this one too!
The power of
the Dragon Crest...
destroyed one the most
famous weapons ever made?
No. It is impossible.
The Sword of Champions, much
like the Crown of Champions
that I gave you
back on Dermline Island,
is made from a legendary
metal known as Orichalcum.
A metal of which the quality
is said to be everlasting!
Then how?!
[laughing]
Sorry to disappoint...
But that blade is nothing more
than an elaborate fake...
And the real Sword of
Champions has already
been delivered to
the Dark Lord Hadlar.
No! Why, you...
Zamza: A-And... my mission,
the Supreme Being... study...
Is now complete!
What the - what
did you just do?!
[devious chuckle]
A gift for my father.
It contains all the results
of my extensive research.
All of the knowledge
that I have recorded...
With its contents,
he can continue the study into
the creation of
the Superior Beings.
You idiot - your father
Zaboera cares for no one!
Even in your final moments-
you still want to impress him?
I'm aware of that.
But still...
I was nothing more than a tool
used to do my maker's bidding.
And now he will know this
tool served its purpose.
Zamza: But, despite what
he is, he is still my father.
Zamza...
It's time. This is the fate
of every Superior Being.
When we are defeated,
we leave nothing behind.
I shall now
crumble to black ash.
Perhaps it's punishment
for toying with
the life the gods gave.
Zamza...
Spare me your pity. Human.
I am still proud...
of all that I
have accomplished.
For however brief a moment,
I was the most powerful
monster to exist.
And I fought a difficult
battle that most could not.
But someday... someday,
another Superior Being
will defeat you all.
I know... My struggle...
was not in vain.
That's right. It could not
have been... in... vain...
All that... All for respect
in the eyes of his father.
No matter what Zamza said,
somewhere deep in that heart,
he just wanted to
feel like he was loved.
Dai: I understand.
I - I know... how he felt.
Zaboera: [evil laughter]
Well done. Well done
indeed, little Zamza.
Your life may have been
but a brief two-hundred years,
my boy, but it has proven
to be quite worthwhile.
Be proud of what
you have done.
Your research shall
produce our army's greatest,
most powerful Overfiend!
[gleeful cackle]
Narrator: With new allies
and formidable
enemies on the horizon,
Dai and his friends make
their way to Popp's old village
in search of
a powerful weapon.
Meanwhile, in Papnica,
leaders of the Human
Kingdoms have been summoned
to formulate a plan
against the Dark Army-
a meeting that gives the
spectral Commander Mystvearn
the perfect
opportunity to attack.
Don't miss it - next time, on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The World Summit"